---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nirvana_compute_vms Data Source - nirvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nirvana_compute_vms (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "nirvana_compute_vms" "example_compute_vms" {

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `boot_volume_id` (String) ID of the boot volume attached to the VM.
- `cpu_config` (Attributes) CPU configuration for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--cpu_config))
- `created_at` (String) When the VM was created.
- `data_volume_ids` (List of String) IDs of the data volumes attached to the VM.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the VM.
- `memory_config` (Attributes) Memory configuration for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--memory_config))
- `name` (String) Name of the VM.
- `private_ip` (String) Private IP of the VM.
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP of the VM.
- `public_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the public IP is enabled for the VM.
- `region` (String) Region the resource is in.
Available values: "us-sea-1", "us-sva-1", "us-sva-2", "us-chi-1", "us-wdc-1", "eu-frk-1", "ap-sin-1", "ap-seo-1", "ap-tyo-1".
- `status` (String) Status of the resource.
Available values: "pending", "creating", "updating", "ready", "deleting", "deleted", "error".
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet the VM is in.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags to attach to the VM.
- `updated_at` (String) When the VM was updated.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC the VM is in.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC the VM is in.

<a id="nestedatt--items--cpu_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.cpu_config`

Read-Only:

- `vcpu` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs.


<a id="nestedatt--items--memory_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.memory_config`

Read-Only:

- `size` (Number) Size of the memory in GB.
