---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nirvana_compute_vm Resource - nirvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nirvana_compute_vm (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nirvana_compute_vm" "example_compute_vm" {
  boot_volume = {
    size = 100
    type = "nvme"
    tags = ["production", "ethereum"]
  }
  cpu_config = {
    vcpu = 2
  }
  memory_config = {
    size = 2
  }
  name = "my-vm"
  os_image_name = "ubuntu-noble-2025-10-01"
  public_ip_enabled = true
  region = "us-wdc-1"
  ssh_key = {
    public_key = "ssh-ed25519 AAAAC3NzaC1lZDI1NTE5AAAAIDBIASkmwNiLcdlW6927Zjt1Hf7Kw/PpEZ4Zm+wU9wn2"
  }
  subnet_id = "123e4567-e89b-12d3-a456-426614174000"
  data_volumes = [{
    name = "my-data-volume"
    size = 100
    type = "nvme"
    tags = ["production", "ethereum"]
  }]
  tags = ["production", "ethereum"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `boot_volume` (Attributes) Boot volume for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--boot_volume))
- `cpu_config` (Attributes) CPU configuration for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cpu_config))
- `memory_config` (Attributes) Memory configuration for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--memory_config))
- `name` (String) Name of the VM.
- `os_image_name` (String) Name of the OS Image to use for the VM.
- `public_ip_enabled` (Boolean) Whether to enable public IP for the VM.
- `region` (String) Region the resource is in.
Available values: "us-sea-1", "us-sva-1", "us-sva-2", "us-chi-1", "us-wdc-1", "eu-frk-1", "ap-sin-1", "ap-seo-1", "ap-tyo-1".
- `ssh_key` (Attributes) Public SSH key configuration for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssh_key))
- `subnet_id` (String) ID of the subnet to use for the VM.

### Optional

- `data_volumes` (Attributes List) Data volumes for the VM. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data_volumes))
- `tags` (List of String) Tags to attach to the VM.

### Read-Only

- `boot_volume_id` (String) ID of the boot volume attached to the VM.
- `created_at` (String) When the VM was created.
- `data_volume_ids` (List of String) IDs of the data volumes attached to the VM.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Operation.
- `private_ip` (String) Private IP of the VM.
- `public_ip` (String) Public IP of the VM.
- `status` (String) Status of the resource.
Available values: "pending", "creating", "updating", "ready", "deleting", "deleted", "error".
- `updated_at` (String) When the VM was updated.
- `vpc_id` (String) ID of the VPC the VM is in.
- `vpc_name` (String) Name of the VPC the VM is in.

<a id="nestedatt--boot_volume"></a>
### Nested Schema for `boot_volume`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size of the Volume in GB.

Optional:

- `tags` (List of String) Tags to attach to the Volume.
- `type` (String) Type of the Volume.
Available values: "nvme", "abs".


<a id="nestedatt--cpu_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cpu_config`

Required:

- `vcpu` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs.


<a id="nestedatt--memory_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `memory_config`

Required:

- `size` (Number) Size of the memory in GB.


<a id="nestedatt--ssh_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssh_key`

Required:

- `public_key` (String) Public key to and and use to access the VM.


<a id="nestedatt--data_volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_volumes`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the Volume.
- `size` (Number) Size of the Volume in GB.

Optional:

- `tags` (List of String) Tags to attach to the Volume.
- `type` (String) Type of the Volume.
Available values: "nvme", "abs".

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import nirvana_compute_vm.example '<vm_id>'
```
