---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nirvana_networking_connect_connection Resource - nirvana"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# nirvana_networking_connect_connection (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "nirvana_networking_connect_connection" "example_networking_connect_connection" {
  bandwidth_mbps = 50
  cidrs = ["10.0.0.0/16"]
  name = "my-connect-connection"
  provider_cidrs = ["172.16.0.0/16"]
  region = "us-wdc-1"
  aws = {
    account_id = "523816707215"
    region = "us-east-1"
  }
  tags = ["production", "ethereum"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bandwidth_mbps` (Number) Connect Connection speed in Mbps
Available values: 50, 200, 500, 1000, 2000.
- `cidrs` (List of String) CIDRs for the Connect Connection. Must be in network-aligned/canonical form.
- `name` (String) Name of the Connect Connection
- `provider_cidrs` (List of String) Provider CIDRs. Must be in network-aligned/canonical form.
- `region` (String) Region the resource is in.
Available values: "us-sea-1", "us-sva-1", "us-sva-2", "us-chi-1", "us-wdc-1", "eu-frk-1", "ap-sin-1", "ap-seo-1", "ap-tyo-1".

### Optional

- `aws` (Attributes) AWS provider configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws))
- `tags` (List of String) Tags to attach to the Connect Connection

### Read-Only

- `asn` (Number) ASN
- `created_at` (String) When the Connect Connection was created
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the Operation.
- `provider_asn` (Number) Provider ASN
- `provider_router_ip` (String) Provider Router IP for the Connect Connection
- `router_ip` (String) Router IP
- `status` (String) Status of the resource.
Available values: "pending", "creating", "updating", "ready", "deleting", "deleted", "error".
- `updated_at` (String) When the Connect Connection was updated

<a id="nestedatt--aws"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws`

Required:

- `account_id` (String) AWS account id
- `region` (String) AWS region where the connection will be established

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
$ terraform import nirvana_networking_connect_connection.example '<connection_id>'
```
